Changes for the website: Take out Marcia Hovey-Wright’s description under the County Commission page and add Chris McGuigan. Here’s her bio: Chris McGuigan is a Democrat serving her first term on the Muskegon County Board of Commissioners for District 4. She had a successful career as a lawyer and served as the executive director of the Community Foundation for Muskegon County for nearly two decades. Her priorities include expanding access to parks and recreation, strengthening public transportation, and investing in mental health and public health services.

Change the opening banner to: Who We Are, When We Meet, Join Us, Donate, Upcoming Events (that would go to the calendar link in Huly), Upcoming Pro-Democracy Events, Voting Information Links, Candidate Profiles, Newsletters, Democratic County, City and Township Officials, Monthly Meeting Agenda, County Party Resolutions, Muskegon County Democratic Party Board, Precinct Delegates, Contact Us (This may change - other folks need to give us input as well) Change County Commission Districts to Voting District Maps.

Take out the big banners re: contributions and gala but we need a prominent place to advertise fundraisers as they come up. Take out the buttons for “join the Muskegon County Dems” and “Michigan Voter Information Center” as those are up in the top banner.

Change Election Information to only include the lines about registration, absentee ballot, and early voting. Also keep the link to the County Clerk’s election results webpage.

Redo the agenda section - needs to link to agendas in the Google Drive but I hate the thought of having all that clutter. Could we just have the last and the upcoming agendas?

Separate sections on Resolutions - I’d keep the one that’s up there now and we need to add the current resolution in favor of Medicare for All. I’ll figure out how to copy it to Huly.

Separate section on current Rules & Bylaws (we actually have Rules, not Bylaws in the Democratic Party). I’ll add that to the Huly drive too.

Take out the Great things Dems are doing for Michigan section. We’ll replace it with something along the lines of “Republicans are wrecking our democracy. Muskegon County Democrats are going to build it back better.” Can’t use the Biden tagline but ….

For a start on the state and federal politicians, update Debbie Stabenow to Elissa Slotkin under US Senate. We’ll probably take off the judges and redo the Michigan Supreme Court section. I want to add contact information for these positions too.

Take out the “our Purpose” section. We are active on Facebook and Instagram so we should add an Instagram link.